CS22120 Project: Group 02
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members except dah73, plus project manager 
Place and date of meeting: P5-0.62, Tuesday 1st February 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Yasir Saleem Shaikh
Date of minutes: 1st February 2022
Version: 1.0

Matters arising:
===========
NONE - first meeting of group

New business:
===========
1. Membership of group

Debski, Adrian add32
Bin Mustafa, Ahmad Mukhriz Faruqi mub11
Gardemann, Alexander Maximilian Carl alg68
Azmi, Vincent via8
Hernandez Rodriguez, David Juan dah73
Ameen Aslam, Khalid kha9
Fernandez de la Fuente, Alvaro alf56
Davies, Xander xad1
Lewis, Alessandro all49


Manager: Yasir Saleem Shaikh, email: yss1

2. Setting up the project arrangements

2.1 All group members need to read the Project requirements 
and Group Intro documents by next week and know about what 
the project will do. ACTION: Everyone

2.2 All group members to check how to add blog entries on a weekly
basis to the group GitLab repository. See SE.QA.08 for details. 
Add your first blog entry to the repository before
the next tutorial. ACTION: Everyone

4. Initial Tasks

4.1 alg68, kha9 and dah73 will read SE.QA.04 and start work on material for the user interface document. 
They will also start putting together some possible screens in Powerpoint. ACTION: alg68, kha9, dah73

4.2 alf56 and all49 will read SE.QA.06 and start drafting a list of repeatable tests.  
They will sketch some tests for functional requirements 
(alf56 for FR1, FR2, FR3, all49 for FR4, FR5, FR6) from 
the Requirements specification.  ACTION:  alf56, all49

4.3 add32, via8 and xad1 will start looking at the technical issues of the project. 
add32 will use JavaFX to make some example screens for the application. 
xad1 will investigate how to represent states: state design pattern. 
via8 will investigate the options for saving Java objects to persistent storage 
and tell us next week what the choices are.  Action: add32, xad1, via8

4.4 mub11 will look at documents SE.QA01, SE.QA.02, SE.QA.03 before 
next week and come along ready to summarise them in 5 minutes 
for the group. ACTION: mub11

4.5 The group will meet on Sunday 6 February 2022 at 12:00 to make sure the group GitLab repository
is set up correctly and everyone can use it. Action: Everyone

AOB
===
NONE

Minutes by yss1, uploaded by alg68
