CS22120 Project: Group 02
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members, plus project manager. Except alg68
Place and date of meeting: P5-0.62, Tuesday 29th March 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Mukhriz Bin Mustafa
Date of minutes: 29th March 2022
Version: 1.0

Matters arising:
===============
1 mub11 will prepare for design spec review meeting.
ACTION: mub11

done.

2 everyone will attend the formal review meeting for the design spec. Decide date and time on discord.
ACTION: Everyone

done.

3 add32 will present the game prototype classes in the tutorial if there's time to be spared.
ACTION: add32

done.

4 add32, kha9 will work on the gamescreen. (CSS, FXML)
add32 will continue implementing the battle mechanics, treasures and make UI interactive.
kha9 work on the layout and UI.
ACTION: add32, kha9

to be continued by both.

5 mub11 will re-release the UI doc and slides.
ACTION:mub11

done. 

6 mub11 will put the design spec in the dev folder
ACTION: mub11

done.

7 alg68 will finish the trading screen algorithms.
ACTION: alg68

???

9 xad1 will continue with the battle screen, clean the code and split into two classes so not all are in the controller class.
Action: xad1

done.

10 alf56 and all49 will fix issues raised from Chris's test spec feedback
ACTION: alf56, all49

done.

11 dah73 will consult with add32 to find out what to work on. dah73 will pass task to mub11 to include in minutes.
ACTION: dah73, add32, mub11

done.

12 via8, add32, xad1, alg68 will discuss on how to merge all 4 prototypes into 1.
ACTION: via8, add32, xad1, alg68

done.

13 dah73 will research on JSON files with Java and try to make an example application.
ACTION: dah73

done.



New Business (for the week after easter break)
============

1 add32, kha9 will work on the gamescreen. (CSS, FXML)
add32 will continue implementing the battle mechanics, treasures and make UI interactive.
kha9 will continue working on the UI layout using fxml.
ACTION: add32, kha9

2 Go over design spec feedback and fix issues asap before Integration week. (depends when feedback is received)
ACTION: Everyone

3 Go over the whole system, meaning all the classes in it to know how it is built and how they work together. (you might forget over easter!)
ACTION: Everyone

4 Discuss what needs to be done in order to deliver the final system.
- What aspects of the system are we missing?
    -loading and saving.
    - chance cards.
- Unit test.
ACTION: Everyone

5 Have a meeting to discuss roles.
- Coding team
- QA Team doing unit tests
- QA Team checking code quality and documents.
- Team to fix/refine the documents
- Team to produce maintenance manual and final report
ACTION: Everyone

6 Add sections for the different classes instead of "======"
ACTION: alf56

7 Add more sequance diagrams for trading, battle, moving for example.
ACTION: via8

8 kha9 will add to the history table.
- include all changed you've made in the descriptions
ACTION:kha9

9 dah73 will link the error conditions to the use cases in the EC table.
ACTION: dah73 

10 kha9 will have a look into putting everything into one CSS file.
ACTION: kha9

11 all49 will include his work in the document history table for the test feedback.
ACTION: all49

12 all49, alf56 will discuss to include more tests for the behaviours of the chance cards.
ACTION: all49, alf56

AOB:
===
1 Yss1 should ask Chris whether the sequance diagrams from the end-user perspective is okay?
ACTION:yss1


Minutes by mub11, Tuesday 29/03/2022
