CS22120 Project: Group 02
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members, plus project manager, except xad1.
Place and date of meeting: P5-0.62, Tuesday 26th April 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Mukhriz Bin Mustafa
Date of minutes: 26th April 2022
Version: 1.0

Matters arising:
===============
1 add32, kha9 will work on the gamescreen. (CSS, FXML)
add32 will continue implementing the battle mechanics, treasures and make UI interactive.
kha9 will continue working on the UI layout using fxml.
ACTION: add32, kha9

ongoing.


2 Go over design spec feedback and fix issues asap before Integration week. (depends when feedback is received)
ACTION: Everyone

Fix issues according to feedback.


3 Go over the whole system, meaning all the classes in it to know how it is built and how they work together.
ACTION: Everyone

Done.


4 Discuss what needs to be done in order to deliver the final system.
- What aspects of the system are we missing?
    -loading and saving.
    - chance cards.
- Unit test.
ACTION: Everyone

Done. (add32's mind map)
add to minutes.

5 Have a meeting to discuss roles.
- Coding team
- QA Team doing unit tests
- QA Team checking code quality and documents.
- Team to fix/refine the documents
- Team to produce maintenance manual and final report
ACTION: Everyone

Done.
- Coding team(add32, via8, alg68, xad1)
- QA Team doing unit tests (all49, alf56)
    - read the QA document related to test.
- QA Team checking code quality and documents (mub11)
- Team to fix/refine the documents (dah73, kha9)
- Team to produce maintenance manual and final report(TBC) 


6 Add sections for the different classes instead of "======"
ACTION: alf56

done.


7 Add more sequance diagrams for trading, battle, moving for example.
ACTION: via8

added.


8 kha9 will add to the history table.
- include all changed you've made in the descriptions
ACTION:kha9

done.


9 dah73 will link the error conditions to the use cases in the EC table.
ACTION: dah73

done.


10 kha9 will have a look into putting everything into one CSS file.
ACTION: kha9

to be continued.


11 all49 will include his work in the document history table for the test feedback.
ACTION: all49

done.


12 all49, alf56 will discuss to include more tests for the behaviours of the chance cards.
ACTION: all49, alf56

ongoing.

13 1 Yss1 should ask Chris whether the sequance diagrams from the end-user perspective is okay.
ACTION:yss1

done.


New Business:
============

1 add32, kha9 will work on the gamescreen. (CSS, FXML)
add32 will continue implementing the battle mechanics, treasures and make UI interactive.
ACTION: add32

2 Fix Design Spec issues from feedback ASAP before Integration week.
See G02_2022-04-24_ITWPreparationMinutes for more information.
ACTION: everyone.

3 upload 24_ITWPreparationMinutes on gitlab.
ACTION: mub11

4 mub11 will update pdf versions of updated documents.
ACTION: mub11

5 add32 will go through the mind map and list all the tasks to be done.
ACTION: add32

6 Have a meeting to discuss and define the specific roles for each team members for the ITW.
ACTION: Everyone.

7 have a test report, test table ready to fill in during manual system testing
ACTION: alf56, all49

8 Decide on where to be working (basecamp for ITW)
- LL-C56
- LL-B57 MP3.03 or others
ACTION: Everyone.

9 The testing team will have a seperate meeting to discuss what tasks need to be done.
ACTION: alf56, all49

10 will prepare the test report by this week, to be used for system testing next week.
ACTION: QA test team (alf56, all49)

11 Finish the 13 sequence diagrams left
ACTION: alg68, dah73, mub11

12 Have the system ready by wednesday, leaving thurs&Fri for testing. submit code by 1pm friday 06/05
ACTION: everyone (or coding team)

13 Decide on time slot for acceptance testing. Fill in the form, outside LL-B62
ACTION: everyone

14 add32, dah73 will go through code from last year to figure out how to use JSON files.
ACTION: add32, dah73

15 Go through alg68's trading screen code this week
ACTION: alg68, add32

16 figure out how to implement a pop-up window for the battle screens.
ACTION: via8, xad1

17 Ask Chris regarding the statecharts, sequence diagrams.
ACTION: mub11

18 Add issues for all the tasks to be done on gitlab.
ACTION: mub11

19 Decide where to have all the internal meetings.
ACTION: everyone.


AOB:
===
NONE.

Minutes by mub11, Tuesday 26th April 2022




