CS22120 Project: Group 02
Meeting: ITW Preparation Meeting (& discussing DesignSpec Feedback)
Persons present: All project members, plus project manager. Except alf56
Place and date of meeting: Hugh Owen Library, Sunday 24/04/2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Mukhriz Bin Mustafa
Date of minutes: 24th April 2022
Version: 1.0

New Business:
===============

1 Have more classes in significant classes in 2.2

2 Have more UML diagrams in 3.1

3 Add enums in section 4 (take out from uml and put in description instead)

4 Make card class an interface to fix issue raised by Chris.

5 Think about state charts if time allows.

6 Decide Roles:
- Coding team(add32, via8, alg68, xad1)
- QA Team doing unit tests (all49, alf56)
- QA Team checking code quality and documents (mub11)
- Team to fix/refine the documents (dah73, kha9)
- Team to produce maintenance manual and final report(X)

7 Add the rest of the sequence diagrams.

AOB:
===
NONE.


Minutes by mub11, Sunday 24/04/2022
